Title: Live Content Description: Fetched live Source: https://www.harkcap.com/about-us --- About Us Menu Expand 01 02 03 04 05 06 Home Our Solutions About Us Recent Transactions News &amp; Insights Contact Us Privacy Policy Legal Disclosure Accessibility Statement LinkedIn Investor Login Data Room Close Our Story At Hark Capital, we are a pioneer of Net Asset Value (NAV) financing, providing solutions to access incremental capital, and accelerate opportunity across the fund lifecycle. Since founding in 2013, we’ve deployed over $2.1 billion in bespoke financing across 70+ unique sponsors. Our approach is defined by experience, speed and creative solutions that meet the needs of private equity investors. Our People Deep fund finance expertise guided by a highly experienced leadership team Doug Cruikshank Founder &amp; Managing Partner Doug Cruikshank is the Founder and Managing Partner of Hark Capital. Prior to founding the firm, he was a Managing Director at Barclays and Lehman Brothers, advising financial sponsor clients. Earlier in his career, he worked in leveraged finance, bank lending, and private placements at Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan. Doug began his career at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company and holds an A.B. from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Rafael Castro Partner Rafael Castro is a Partner at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since its inception. He leads the origination, execution, and portfolio management of the firm’s investments. Prior to Hark, Rafael was a Managing Director at Velocity Capital Advisors and previously spent four years at Ableco Finance, managing a $450 million special situations loan portfolio. He also held roles at CIBC World Markets and J.P. Morgan’s LabMorgan group. Rafael holds an A.B. from Harvard University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Rich Davis Partner Rich Davis is a Partner at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since its inception. He focuses on the origination, execution, and portfolio management of investments. Previously, Rich was a Vice President at GarMark Partners, helping deploy a $330 million fund across private debt and equity. He also held roles at Wind Point Partners and RBC Capital Markets. Rich holds a B.S. from the University of Illinois, an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago, and is a CFA charterholder. Ben Lee Principal Ben Lee is a Principal at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for the origination, execution, and portfolio management of investments. Prior to Hark, Ben was a Director at Silicon Valley Bank and a founding member of the Structured Fund Solutions business, a multi-billion-dollar asset-backed fund financing platform. Earlier in his career, he held roles at Macquarie Group in fund finance in both New York and Sydney. Ben holds a BCom (Finance) and a B.A. (Economics) from the University of Sydney. Peter Wright Director Peter Wright is a Director at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for investment origination. Prior to Hark, Peter was a Vice President at Devon Park Advisors, leading origination, execution, and syndication across a range of secondaries transactions, including LP interest acquisitions, GP-led restructurings, and strategic equity placements. Previously, he was a Senior Associate at Campbell Lutyens and an Associate at Stellex Capital Management. Peter holds a B.B.A. from Howard University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Will Randell Vice President Will Randell is a Vice President at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since 2022. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark Capital, Will was an Associate in the Financial Institutions Group at U.S. Bank. Will holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College. Emily Oppenheimer Vice President Emily Oppenheimer is a Vice President at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2026. She is responsible for fundraising, investor relations, and business development initiatives at the firm. Prior to Hark, Emily was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs in Private Wealth Management and then Fund Finance in the Private Bank. Emily graduated Cum Laude from Bucknell University with a B.A. in Economics. Andrew Dunn Analyst Andrew Dunn is an Analyst at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark, Andrew was an Investment Banking Analyst at PEI Global Partners. Andrew holds a B.S. from Georgetown University. Peter Anella Analyst Peter Anella is an Analyst at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2026. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark, Peter was an Investment Banking Analyst at Stephens Inc. Peter holds an A.B. in Economics from Princeton University where he graduated with honors. Alex Bockler CFO &amp; CCO Alex Bockler is the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Hark Capital. He is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, operations and compliance across the Hark funds. Prior to joining Hark, Alex supported the platform while at Aberdeen Standard Investments. Earlier in his career, he was a Senior Associate in the Private Bank at J.P. Morgan in New York, where he led audits and operations for a range of investment products, including direct private equity funds, fund of funds, and hedge funds. He began his career at BNY Mellon as an accountant for publicly traded 1940 Act funds. Alex holds a B.S. from La Salle University. ‍ Ronak Patel Controller Ronak Patel is the Controller at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2023. He is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, and operations across the Hark funds. Prior to Hark, Ronak was the Controller at Monachil Capital Partners, where he oversaw finance and operations for the firm’s private debt and ’40 Act funds. Before that, he served as Head of Finance at Antler’s U.S. venture fund. Earlier in his career, he held roles at The Beekman Group and SS&amp;C Technologies. Ronak holds an M.S. in Accounting and a B.B.A. in Finance from Pace University. Caitlin Hilmer Executive Assistant Caitlin Hilmer is an Executive Assistant at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since 2023. She is responsible for administrative support, coordinating travel, managing team calendars, and assisting with various operational functions. Prior to joining Hark, Caitlin managed one of the highest-producing dental practices in Wisconsin for a growing dental services organization, where she developed strong operational and team management skills. Earlier in her career, she was a board-certified veterinary technician, providing care across large, small, and exotic animal practices. Doug Cruikshank Founder &amp; Managing Partner Doug Cruikshank Founder &amp; Managing Partner Doug Cruikshank is the Founder and Managing Partner of Hark Capital. Prior to founding the firm, he was a Managing Director at Barclays and Lehman Brothers, advising financial sponsor clients. Earlier in his career, he worked in leveraged finance, bank lending, and private placements at Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan. Doug began his career at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company and holds an A.B. from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Rafael Castro Partner Rafael Castro Partner Rafael Castro is a Partner at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since its inception. He leads the origination, execution, and portfolio management of the firm’s investments. Prior to Hark, Rafael was a Managing Director at Velocity Capital Advisors and previously spent four years at Ableco Finance, managing a $450 million special situations loan portfolio. He also held roles at CIBC World Markets and J.P. Morgan’s LabMorgan group. Rafael holds an A.B. from Harvard University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Rich Davis Partner Rich Davis Partner Rich Davis is a Partner at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since its inception. He focuses on the origination, execution, and portfolio management of investments. Previously, Rich was a Vice President at GarMark Partners, helping deploy a $330 million fund across private debt and equity. He also held roles at Wind Point Partners and RBC Capital Markets. Rich holds a B.S. from the University of Illinois, an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago, and is a CFA charterholder. Ben Lee Principal Ben Lee Principal Ben Lee is a Principal at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for the origination, execution, and portfolio management of investments. Prior to Hark, Ben was a Director at Silicon Valley Bank and a founding member of the Structured Fund Solutions business, a multi-billion-dollar asset-backed fund financing platform. Earlier in his career, he held roles at Macquarie Group in fund finance in both New York and Sydney. Ben holds a BCom (Finance) and a B.A. (Economics) from the University of Sydney. Peter Wright Director Peter Wright Director Peter Wright is a Director at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for investment origination. Prior to Hark, Peter was a Vice President at Devon Park Advisors, leading origination, execution, and syndication across a range of secondaries transactions, including LP interest acquisitions, GP-led restructurings, and strategic equity placements. Previously, he was a Senior Associate at Campbell Lutyens and an Associate at Stellex Capital Management. Peter holds a B.B.A. from Howard University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Will Randell Vice President Will Randell Vice President Will Randell is a Vice President at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since 2022. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark Capital, Will was an Associate in the Financial Institutions Group at U.S. Bank. Will holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College. Emily Oppenheimer Vice President Emily Oppenheimer Vice President Emily Oppenheimer is a Vice President at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2026. She is responsible for fundraising, investor relations, and business development initiatives at the firm. Prior to Hark, Emily was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs in Private Wealth Management and then Fund Finance in the Private Bank. Emily graduated Cum Laude from Bucknell University with a B.A. in Economics. Andrew Dunn Analyst Andrew Dunn Analyst Andrew Dunn is an Analyst at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark, Andrew was an Investment Banking Analyst at PEI Global Partners. Andrew holds a B.S. from Georgetown University. Peter Anella Analyst Peter Anella Analyst Peter Anella is an Analyst at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2026. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark, Peter was an Investment Banking Analyst at Stephens Inc. Peter holds an A.B. in Economics from Princeton University where he graduated with honors. Alex Bockler CFO &amp; CCO Alex Bockler CFO &amp; CCO Alex Bockler is the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Hark Capital. He is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, operations and compliance across the Hark funds. Prior to joining Hark, Alex supported the platform while at Aberdeen Standard Investments. Earlier in his career, he was a Senior Associate in the Private Bank at J.P. Morgan in New York, where he led audits and operations for a range of investment products, including direct private equity funds, fund of funds, and hedge funds. He began his career at BNY Mellon as an accountant for publicly traded 1940 Act funds. Alex holds a B.S. from La Salle University. ‍ Ronak Patel Controller Ronak Patel Controller Ronak Patel is the Controller at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2023. He is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, and operations across the Hark funds. Prior to Hark, Ronak was the Controller at Monachil Capital Partners, where he oversaw finance and operations for the firm’s private debt and ’40 Act funds. Before that, he served as Head of Finance at Antler’s U.S. venture fund. Earlier in his career, he held roles at The Beekman Group and SS&amp;C Technologies. Ronak holds an M.S. in Accounting and a B.B.A. in Finance from Pace University. Caitlin Hilmer Executive Assistant Caitlin Hilmer Executive Assistant Caitlin Hilmer is an Executive Assistant at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since 2023. She is responsible for administrative support, coordinating travel, managing team calendars, and assisting with various operational functions. Prior to joining Hark, Caitlin managed one of the highest-producing dental practices in Wisconsin for a growing dental services organization, where she developed strong operational and team management skills. Earlier in her career, she was a board-certified veterinary technician, providing care across large, small, and exotic animal practices. Doug Cruikshank Founder &amp; Managing Partner Doug Cruikshank Founder &amp; Managing Partner Doug Cruikshank is the Founder and Managing Partner of Hark Capital. Prior to founding the firm, he was a Managing Director at Barclays and Lehman Brothers, advising financial sponsor clients. Earlier in his career, he worked in leveraged finance, bank lending, and private placements at Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan. Doug began his career at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company and holds an A.B. from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Rafael Castro Partner Rafael Castro Partner Rafael Castro is a Partner at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since its inception. He leads the origination, execution, and portfolio management of the firm’s investments. Prior to Hark, Rafael was a Managing Director at Velocity Capital Advisors and previously spent four years at Ableco Finance, managing a $450 million special situations loan portfolio. He also held roles at CIBC World Markets and J.P. Morgan’s LabMorgan group. Rafael holds an A.B. from Harvard University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Rich Davis Partner Rich Davis Partner Rich Davis is a Partner at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since its inception. He focuses on the origination, execution, and portfolio management of investments. Previously, Rich was a Vice President at GarMark Partners, helping deploy a $330 million fund across private debt and equity. He also held roles at Wind Point Partners and RBC Capital Markets. Rich holds a B.S. from the University of Illinois, an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago, and is a CFA charterholder. Ben Lee Principal Ben Lee Principal Ben Lee is a Principal at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for the origination, execution, and portfolio management of investments. Prior to Hark, Ben was a Director at Silicon Valley Bank and a founding member of the Structured Fund Solutions business, a multi-billion-dollar asset-backed fund financing platform. Earlier in his career, he held roles at Macquarie Group in fund finance in both New York and Sydney. Ben holds a BCom (Finance) and a B.A. (Economics) from the University of Sydney. Peter Wright Director Peter Wright Director Peter Wright is a Director at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for investment origination. Prior to Hark, Peter was a Vice President at Devon Park Advisors, leading origination, execution, and syndication across a range of secondaries transactions, including LP interest acquisitions, GP-led restructurings, and strategic equity placements. Previously, he was a Senior Associate at Campbell Lutyens and an Associate at Stellex Capital Management. Peter holds a B.B.A. from Howard University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Will Randell Vice President Will Randell Vice President Will Randell is a Vice President at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since 2022. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark Capital, Will was an Associate in the Financial Institutions Group at U.S. Bank. Will holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College. Emily Oppenheimer Vice President Emily Oppenheimer Vice President Emily Oppenheimer is a Vice President at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2026. She is responsible for fundraising, investor relations, and business development initiatives at the firm. Prior to Hark, Emily was a Vice President at Goldman Sachs in Private Wealth Management and then Fund Finance in the Private Bank. Emily graduated Cum Laude from Bucknell University with a B.A. in Economics. Andrew Dunn Analyst Andrew Dunn Analyst Andrew Dunn is an Analyst at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2024. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark, Andrew was an Investment Banking Analyst at PEI Global Partners. Andrew holds a B.S. from Georgetown University. Peter Anella Analyst Peter Anella Analyst Peter Anella is an Analyst at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2026. He is responsible for execution and portfolio monitoring of Hark Capital’s investments. Prior to joining Hark, Peter was an Investment Banking Analyst at Stephens Inc. Peter holds an A.B. in Economics from Princeton University where he graduated with honors. Alex Bockler CFO &amp; CCO Alex Bockler CFO &amp; CCO Alex Bockler is the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Hark Capital. He is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, operations and compliance across the Hark funds. Prior to joining Hark, Alex supported the platform while at Aberdeen Standard Investments. Earlier in his career, he was a Senior Associate in the Private Bank at J.P. Morgan in New York, where he led audits and operations for a range of investment products, including direct private equity funds, fund of funds, and hedge funds. He began his career at BNY Mellon as an accountant for publicly traded 1940 Act funds. Alex holds a B.S. from La Salle University. ‍ Ronak Patel Controller Ronak Patel Controller Ronak Patel is the Controller at Hark Capital and joined the firm in 2023. He is responsible for finance, accounting, tax, and operations across the Hark funds. Prior to Hark, Ronak was the Controller at Monachil Capital Partners, where he oversaw finance and operations for the firm’s private debt and ’40 Act funds. Before that, he served as Head of Finance at Antler’s U.S. venture fund. Earlier in his career, he held roles at The Beekman Group and SS&amp;C Technologies. Ronak holds an M.S. in Accounting and a B.B.A. in Finance from Pace University. Caitlin Hilmer Executive Assistant Caitlin Hilmer Executive Assistant Caitlin Hilmer is an Executive Assistant at Hark Capital and has been with the firm since 2023. She is responsible for administrative support, coordinating travel, managing team calendars, and assisting with various operational functions. Prior to joining Hark, Caitlin managed one of the highest-producing dental practices in Wisconsin for a growing dental services organization, where she developed strong operational and team management skills. Earlier in her career, she was a board-certified veterinary technician, providing care across large, small, and exotic animal practices. Why Hark A differentiated approach, grounded in experience and designed for speed, flexibility, and reliability of execution. Experience NAV financing leaders with a proven track record. We’ve completed over 135 fund finance transactions, bringing deep industry knowledge and reliability across market cycles. 01 Speed Capital deployed with certainty of execution. Our streamlined diligence and execution process allows private equity firms to access capital typically within 4-5 weeks of signing a term sheet, and with high certainty of execution. 02 Tailored Approach Bespoke financing, without equity dilution. We offer both debt and preferred equity solutions tailored to complex needs, helping GPs unlock value while maintaining control. 03 Our Values Our core principles — shaping how we work and the value we deliver Our Values Experience Partnerships Innovation Trust Flexibility Experience Deep knowledge shaped by more than a decade of NAV financing leadership. Partnerships Close collaboration and strong relationships with clients to produce mutually beneficial outcomes. Innovation Creative thinking that evolves with changing needs and informs bespoke financing structures. Trust Built on transparency, accountability, and consistent delivery. Flexibility Responsive solutions tailored to unique structures and circumstances. Partner with us Whether you&#x27;re seeking additional capital at the fund, manager, or portfolio level, we’re here to help. Let’s connect and explore a solution tailored to your needs. Get in Touch Back To Top Navigation Home Our Solutions About Us Recent Transactions Insights &amp; Resources Contact Us Links LinkedIn Investor Login Data Room Hark Capital is a strategy of Ridgepost Capital (NYSE: RPC), a leading private markets solutions provider with over $40 billion in assets under management as of September 30, 2025. Ridgepost Capital invests across private equity, private credit, and venture capital in access-constrained strategies, with a focus on the middle and lower-middle market. Ridgepost Capital’s products have a global investor base and aim to deliver compelling risk-adjusted returns. For additional information, please visit www.ridgepostcapital.co . © 2026 Hark Capital Advisors, LLC. Past performance is not necessarily indicative, or a guarantee, of future results. There can be no assurance that a fund will achieve comparable results as any prior investments or prior investment funds of Hark Capital. Information on this site is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security. Accessibility Statement Privacy Statement Legal Disclosure Made by Malvah Studio